# Netflix_GPT

This is Repository for Netflix.

# Steps for building the project from scratch.

1. Intialize the package manger -> npm init
2. Install the parcel(Bundler) -> npm i -D parcel
3. Installing the React. -> npm i react react-dom
4. Add the script in package.json so that it will be easy to run the app.
5. Installing the Tailwind CSS-> npm install tailwindcss @tailwindcss/postcss
   - Then add below content in .postcssrc file.
     {
     "plugins": {
     "@tailwindcss/postcss": {}
     }
     }
   - Import the "@import "tailwindcss" in .css file
6. Install React router dom for fast navigation in react -> npm install react-router-dom
7. Install Firebase SDK -> npm install firebase
8. Install the Firebase CLI -> npm install -g firebase-tools
9. Deploy the Firebase Hosting - >
  - firebase login
  - firebase init
  - firebase deploy
10. Installing Redux Toolkit/ React- Redux package for state management -> 
    npm install @reduxjs/toolkit
    npm install react-redux

Note:

1. node_modules contain all the installed packages.
2. dist is generated by parcel which is bundled, minified, and optimized code.
3. .parcel_cache is stores intermediate build files to speed up subsequent builds.

## Features of Netflix GPT

- Login Page
  login/signup form
- Browser Page
  - Header
    - Navigations Tab
    - Search Bar
    - Notification
    - Main Trailer
    - Movie Info
    - Play button
  - Body
    - Movie Suggestion based on category.

# Navigations using React- router dom

- /       -> Login Body
- /login  -> Login Form
- /browse -> Browser Page


# Redux :
- Action answers:
  "What happened?"
- Reducer answers:
  "How should state change?"

That separation is the foundation of Redux architecture.